# Question 1: Consider the following program.
#include <iostream>  // for std::cout and std::cin

int main()
{
    std::cout << "Enter a number: "; // ask user for a number
    int x{}; // define variable x to hold user input
    std::cin >> x; // get number from keyboard and store it in variable x
    std::cout << "You entered " << x << '\n';

    return 0;
}
# The program expects an integer value, as the variable 'x' is an integer variable. Explore what happens if you give the following inputs:
## a: a letter, such as 'h'
If I input in a letter, then the program simply registers the value as 0.

## b: a number with a fractional part, such as '4.5'
If I input in a fractional number, then the value changes to the whole number used prior to the fractional part.

## c: a small negative integer, such as '-3'
If I input in a negative integer, the program works as expected.

## d: a word, such as 'Hello'
If I input in a string, then the program registers the value as 0.

## e: a large number, such as '3,000,000,000'
If I try to input a number larger than 2147483647, then the program will print that number instead.

## f: a small number followed by some letters, such as '123abc'
If I input a small number followed by some letters, then the program will only print the numbers.

## g: a few letters followed by a small number, such as 'abc123'
If I input a few letters followed by a small number, then the program registers the value as 0.

## h: '   +5' (three spaces, followed by the plus symbol and '5')
If I input the following prompt, the program will only print the number '5'.

## i: '5b6'
If I input the following prompt, the program will only print the number '5'.

# Question 2: Ask the user to enter three values. The program should then print these values. Add an appropriate comment above main().
#include <iostream>

int main()
{
    std::cout << "Enter three numbers. Be sure to separate each one with a space: "; // ask user for a number
    int x{}, y{}, z{}; // define variable x to hold user input
    std::cin >> x >> y >> z; // get number from keyboard and store it in variable x
    std::cout << "You entered " << x << ", " << y << ", and " << z << "." << '\n';

    return 0;
}
