# General Runtime Issues
## When executing a program, the console window blinks and then closes immediately
Here is what I need to do:
- Ensure "#include 'iostream'" and "#include 'limits'" are both included and at the top of the program (below "#include 'pch.h'" and "#include 'stdafx.h' if they're in the program)
- Add the followin code at the end of the "main()" function
"std::cin.clear(); // reset any error flags
std::cin.ignore(std::numeric_limits<std::streamsize>::max(), '\n'); // ignore any characters in the input buffer until we find an enter character
std::cin.get(); // get one more char from the user"
- This will cause the program to wait for the user to press a key before continuing, giving me time to examine the code's output before the operating system closes the console

## I ran my program and get a window but no output
My virus scanner or anti-malware may be blocking execution
- I should disable it temporarily and see if that's the issue

## My program compiles but it's not working correctly, what should I do?
Debug it, there is more info for debugging in Chapter 3

# General Compile-time Issues
## When I compile my program, I get an error about unresolved external symbol _main or _WinMain@16
This means that the compiler can't find the main() function, which all programs must have
- Does my code include a function named "main()"?
- Is main spelled correctly?
- When the program gets compiled, is the file that has the main() function being compiled? If not, either move the main() function to a file that is being compiled, or add the file to the project (this will be covered in a later chapter)
- Did I create a console project? I should try creating a new project.

## When I compile my program, I get an error that main is already defined, or about multiple definitions for main
A C++ program can only have one main() function. This error means that I have more than one main() function. I should find and either delete or rename all main() functions.

## I'm trying to use C++11/14/17/XX functionality and it doesn't work
If my compiler is old, it may not support the more recent additions to the C++ language. In this case, I should upgrade my compiler. (choosing compilers will be covered in a later lesson in this chapter)

## When I compile my program, I get an error saying that it cannot open the .exe for writing
This means that it's trying to create my executable but it can't. This can be one of three reasons:
- The .exe file is already running, and executables can't be replaced while running. I should turn off the executable.
- My antivirus or malware detector is preventing the executable from running or being replaced
- The .exe file already exists and is locked for some reason. I should try rebooting to force any locks to be released, then recompile.
- In Visual Studio, the code is LNK1168

## When trying to use cin, cout, or endl, the compiler says cin, cout, or endl is an 'undeclared identifier'
Here is what I need to do:
- Make sure that "#include 'iostream'" is included near the top of the file
- Ensure that each use of cin, cout, and endl are prefixed by "std::"
- If this doesn't fix the issue, then the compiler may be out of date

## When trying to use endl to end a printed line, the compiler says end1 is an 'undeclared identifier'
Make sure not to confuse the l (lowercase L) in endl for the number 1 and the code editor font clearly distinguishes each symbol

# Visual Studio Issues
## When compiling with Microsoft Visual C++, I get a C1010 fatal error, with an error message like "c:\vcprojects\test.cpp(263) :fatal error C1010: unexpected end of file while looking for precompiled header directive"
This error occurs when the Microsoft Visual C++ compiler is set to use precompiled headers but one (or more) of my C++ files does not have "#include 'stdafx.h'" or "#include 'pch.h'" at the start of the file
- The suggested fix it to turn off precompiled headers
- If I want to keep precompiled headers, I must include either one of these lines at the very top of every file

## Visual Studio gives an error like: "1MSVCRTD.lib(exe_winmain.obj) : error LNK2022: unresolved external symbol _WinMain@16 referenced in function "int __cdecl invoke_main(void)" (?invoke_main@@YAHXZ)"
This means that I've mistakenly created a Windows graphical application instead of a console application
- I must recreate the project as a console project, not a Windows graphical project

## When I compile my program, I get a warning about "Cannot find or open the PDB file"
This is a warning, not an error, so the program will not be affected
- However, the warning is annoying
- To resolve this, I must go into the Debug menu -> Options and Settings -> Symbols, and check “Microsoft Symbol Server”

# I have some other problem that I can’t figure out. How can I get an answer quickly?
Generally, I just either use a search engine or ask around on a Q&A board to have my questions answered
