# Question 1: What is the difference between a statement and an expression?
A statement is an instruction that is sent to the computer and can be compiled. An expression is meant to calculate a value and usually cannot be compiled by itself without its return value being discarded.

# Question 2: Indicated whether each of the following lines are statements that do not contain expressions, statements that contain expressions, or statement expressions.
## a: int x;
This is a statement that does not contain an expression. This statement initializes the variable "x" without a value.

## b: int x = 5;
This is a statement with an expression, that being "x = 5". This statement is initializing the variable "x" with the value "5".

## c: x = 5;
This is a statement expression, with the expression being "x = 5". This statement expression is assigning the variable "x" to the value of "5".

## d (extra credit): foo();
This is a statement that does not contain an expression. This statement is calling the function "foo()".

## e (extra credit): std::cout << x;
This is a statement that contains an expression, with the expression being "std::cout << x". This statement is printing the value of the variable "x".

# Question 3: Determine what value the following program outputs (do not compile it, just think it through)
#include <iostream>

int main()
{
	std::cout << 2 + 3 << '\n';

	int x{ 6 };
	int y{ x - 2 };
	std::cout << y << '\n';

	int z{};
	z = x;
	std::cout << z * x << '\n';

	return 0;
}

Going from top to bottom, the first statement outputs the value of "5", because "2" + "3" = "5".
The second statement initializes the variable "x" with the value of "6".
The third statement initializes the variable "y" with the value of the expression "x - 2". "x" was previously initialized with the value "6", so the expression becomes "6 - 2", which is the value "4".
The fourth statement outputs the value of "4", because "y" is equal to "x - 2", which is "6 - 2", which is "4".
The fifth statement initializes the variable "z" with an empty value.
The sixth statement assigns the variable "z" with the value of the variable "x", which is 6.
The seventh and final statement outputs the value "36", because "z" and "x" are both equal to the value "6", and "6" * "6" = "36".